welcome to st tropez so we live
from the camp of the lodges with thiago on the right
isaac at best and anthony left bottom
hello the share of pg tickets has
started that tiago so how is going
this beginning of season with the jersey of the
paris saint germain
what is difficult to agree to
marco v raking the counterexample to him
which shows precisely that we can
succeed by being small so how does that
is happening this week the workout
what was the program this morning okay
and so with a second workout
this afternoon I presume as every
Tuesdays it's not too complicated to train
twice in the day
okay last weekend so
apparently you go you played dh
how was the match against
brétigny good ya not peril in the house
ok isaac so baky new club I think
so you come straight 2 2
montpellier so you left your accent
wheel all because they already have you by
Parisian told me I have so good then
the different centers of montpellier
hérault or what were you in the area
montpellier tt why not I
believe the differences between regions
of Montpellier and Paris
the culture shock it's not too much
important it's okay so I play in d1
in 15 dh also last weekend
how was this match in 17 years
as much for me
in 17 dh so how was this
meet
we lost 2 1 but it went well
so its debut season automatisms
for you you see in which post middle
ok ok and anthony anthony so
how is the beginning of the season
concerning physically like any
reprise
that's it and then associated with school in
it's not always obvious
little month two months and after it's good
so there always at what position there field
right had the opportunity to play in dh at
August 6, it was so hard that it
match of brute signed you feel shot
good bah here is good wish you a
good season and thanks to you we have
granted a few minutes
good appetite good at training I
taperai and see you later ciao welcome to 5
jean pellet